OK.
It's not what you see
Listen to me explain wife
Dragon, dragon.
Let me explain.
Let me tell you something.
What else is there to explain?
You're both already in the same bed.
Right?
Lin Yi
If you don't like me
You can divorce me
I will never pester you
But don't humiliate me like that.
So what's going on?
Yes!
I don't know what happened.
We all drank too much last night.
I'm still a little uncomfortable with my lower body.
Sister-in-law Lin loves you just
If this is a mistake
Then let this mistake continue
Tang Xue, sorry.
Miss you
What nonsense
Nothing happened between me and you
Oh, you planned this, didn't you?
I don't have it.
Sister-in-law, I really don't have enough of you.
Stop acting
Li Yan
Fortunately, when you celebrate the holidays
Sign now no no no no
No.